1. "First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." – John Johnson
2. "Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes." – Oscar Wilde
3. "In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different." – Coco Chanel
4. "Java is to JavaScript what car is to Carpet." – Chris Heilmann
5. "Knowledge is power." – Francis Bacon
6. "Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code." – Dan Salomon
7. "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad." – Cory House
8. "Fix the cause, not the symptom." – Steve Maguire
9. "Optimism is a occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment." – Kent Beck
10. "Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." – Austin Freeman
11. "Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." – Ralph Johnson
12. "Make it work, make it right, make it fast." – Kent Beck
13. "Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." – Harold Abelson
14. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." – Alan Kay
15. "Talk is cheap. Show me the code." – Linus Torvalds
16. "Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container." – Nathan Myhrvold
17. "The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." – Bill Gates
18. "Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." – Edward V. Berard
19. "Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." – Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
20. "Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships." – Linus Torvalds
21. "Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place." – Brian Kernighan
22. "Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering." – Bill Gates
23. "A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing." – Alan Perlis
24. "Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes." – Edsger W. Dijkstra
25. "Real programmers count from 0." – Anonymous
26. "The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." – Alan Kay
27. "Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming." – Brian Kernighan
28. "The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." – Dennis Ritchie
29. "Complexity is the enemy of reliability." – Tony Hoare
30. "Standardize on the problem, not the solution." – Unknown
31. "Don't comment bad code—rewrite it." – Brian Kernighan
32. "If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use your software." – Linus Torvalds
33. "Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind." – Donald Knuth
34. "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." – Bill Gates
35. "Good design adds value faster than it adds cost." – Thomas C. Gale
36. "Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding." – Burt Rutan
37. "The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user." – C.A.R. Hoare
38. "A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt any feature users suggest." – Niklaus Wirth
39. "Documentation is a love letter that you write to your future self." – Damian Conway
40. "Simple things should be simple, complex things should be possible." – Alan Kay
41. "The best error message is the one that never shows up." – Thomas Fuchs
42. "Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do." – Donald Knuth
43. "One man’s constant is another man’s variable." – Alan Perlis
44. "The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." – Grady Booch
45. "Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for 'still doesn’t work'." – Anonymous
46. "Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary." – Blaise Pascal
47. "The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life." – Bill Gates
48. "To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer." – Paul Ehrlich
49. "If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0." – Anonymous
50. "Think twice, code once." – Anonymous
51. "Deleted code is debugged code." – Jeff Sickel
52. "The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner." – Jim Highsmith
53. "The gap between theory and practice is smaller in theory than in practice." – Case Rehm
54. "Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." – John Woods
55. "Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out." – Chris Pine
56. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." – Martin Fowler
57. "If you automate a mess, you get an automated mess." – Rod Michael
58. "Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." – Patrick McKenzie
59. "Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." – Pablo Picasso
60. "Software being 'Done' is a localized state of mind." – Kelly Johnson
61. "A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street." – Doug Linder
62. "Great software is made by people who care." – Seth Godin
63. "Code never lies, comments sometimes do." – Ron Jeffries
64. "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese." – Willie Nelson (on software iteration)
65. "Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked." – Jeff Pesis
66. "Abstraction is the key to managing complexity." – Unknown
67. "Quality is a product of a conflict between programmers and testers." – Anonymous
68. "There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." – Phil Karlton
69. "Legacy code is code that works." – Bjarne Stroustrup
70. "A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, it’s not that good." – Martin LeBlanc
71. "Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics." – Norman Augustine
72. "The key to performance is elegance, not battalions of special cases." – Jon Bentley
73. "Programming is like writing a book... except if you miss out a single comma on page 126 the whole thing makes no sense." – Anonymous
74. "Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris." – Larry Wall
75. "Write shy code - modules that don't reveal anything unnecessary to other modules." – Dave Thomas
76. "You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams act like dysfunctional families." – Jim McCarthy
77. "Truth can only be found in one place: the code." – Robert C. Martin
78. "If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." – Edsger W. Dijkstra
79. "The strength of JavaScript is that you can do anything. The weakness is that you will." – Reg Braithwaite
80. "Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul." – John Carmack
81. "A program that produces incorrect results is worthless, no matter how fast it runs." – Unknown
82. "Stay hungry, stay foolish." – Steve Jobs
83. "Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative." – Oscar Wilde
84. "Shipping is a feature. A really important feature." – Seth Godin
85. "The dream of the 80s was that code would be generated. The reality is that code is managed." – Unknown
86. "Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works." – Steve Jobs
87. "It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature." – Anonymous
88. "To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion." – Anonymous
89. "What one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months." – Fred Brooks
90. "Refactor early, refactor often." – Unknown
91. "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." – Arthur C. Clarke
92. "The best code is no code at all." – Jeff Atwood
93. "Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers." – Ray Ozzie
94. "Don't focus on the tools, focus on the problem." – Unknown
95. "Java is C++ without the guns, knives, and clubs." – James Gosling
96. "Software is the magic that makes modern life possible." – Unknown
97. "A long-term project is just a series of short-term tasks." – Unknown
98. "Focus on the user and all else will follow." – Google Philosophy
99. "The code you write today is the debt you pay tomorrow." – Unknown
100. "Hello, world." – Every Programmer Ever